DOCS-12254-dw-pluck-function-example-kt (#73)
mulesoft/docs-dataweave: modules/ROOT/pages/dataweave-cookbook.adoc

//read-connector
| xref:dataweave-cookbook-writer-prop-mule.adoc[Use a Mule Variable as a Configuration Value]
| Use a Mule variable as a configuration value.
//pluck-function
| xref:dataweave-cookbook-pluck.adoc[Extract Key/Value Pairs with Pluck Function]

> | Use the DataWeave `pluck` function to extract key/value pairs from a JSON payload and store them into flow variables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Use the DataWeave `pluck` function to extract key-value pairs from a JSON payload and store them into Mule event variables.
```
